Modify S4423[Python]: Support of AWS CDK code (APPSEC-103) (#1273)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S4423/python/message.adoc

=== Message

==== OpenSSL and ssl modules

Change this code to use a stronger protocol.

==== AWS APIGateway

Change this code to enforce TLS 1.2 or above.

==== AWS OpenSearch / Elasticsearch

> Omitting "tls_security_polic" enables deprecated version of TLS. Set it to enforce TLS 1.2 or above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omitting "tls_security_policy" enables a deprecated version of TLS. Set it to enforce TLS 1.2 or above.
```

Small typo
